Paper was not kept for an unknown error: PAC-Bayesian bounds based on the Rényi divergence
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: Decompositions of infinite graphs: I—bond-faithful decompositions
Can't find authors, journal or year for PAC-Bayesian inequalities for martingales. 2011b. In review. Entry was skipped.
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: Une analyse PAC-Bayésienne de l'adaptation de domaine et sa spécialisation aux classifieurs linéaires
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: Decompositions of infinite graphs: Part I–Bond-faithful decompositions
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: Théorèmes PAC-Bayésiens pour l'apprentissage multi-vues
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: MAT-1919: Mathématiques pour informaticien
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: MAT-1919: Mathématiques pour informaticien
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: Décompositions et autres formes de recouvrements de graphes infinis
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: A New PAC-Bayesian Perspective on Domain Adaptation–Supplementary Material
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: Algorithmes d’apprentissage automatique inspirés de la théorie PAC-Bayes
Can't find authors, journal or year for The distant segments kernel and the support vector machine: an alignment-free method for HIV type 1 coreceptor usage prediction. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for CqBoost: A Column Generation Method for Minimizing the C-Bound. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for Addendum: Relaxation of the Optimal Search Path Problem with the Cop and Robber Game. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for Vertex transitive cop-win graphs... and more. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for Model Averaging With Holdout Estimation of the Posterior Distribution. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for PAC-Bayesian Analysis: A Link Between Inference and Statistical Physics. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for PAC-Bayesian Analysis in Supervised, Unsupervised, and Reinforcement Learning. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for Supplementary Material to A PAC-Bayesian Approach for Domain Adaptation with Specialization to Linear Classifiers. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for A PAC-Bayes Sample-compression Approach to Kernel Methods: Supplementary material. Entry was skipped.
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: La théorie PAC-Bayes en apprentissage supervisé
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: ICML 2013–SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL
Can't find authors, journal or year for Agnostic Bayesian Learning of Ensembles. Entry was skipped.
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: On learning µ-perceptron networks with binary weights
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: On learning μ-perceptron networks on the uniform distribution
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: A brief study of the classical statistical mechanics of spin–Peierls chains
Can't find authors, journal or year for Ift-65764 apprentissage automatique (machine learning). Entry was skipped.
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: Strong unimodality and exact learning of constant depth µ-perceptron networks
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: IFT-2008: Algorithmes et structures de données
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: GLO-2100: Algorithmes et structures de données pour ingénieurs
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: Perspective chrétienne d'une justice alternative: la justice réparatrice
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: GLO-2100: Algorithmes et structures de données pour ingénieurs
Can't find authors, journal or year for Risk Bounds and Learning Algorithms for the Regression Ap-proach to Structured Output Prediction. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for A Geometric Approach to Learning in Neural Networks. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for Large Margin Learning for Prediction over Unknown Graph Structures-A Multiple Kernel Learning Approach. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for Multiple Kernel Learning for Prediction on Unknown Graph Structures. Entry was skipped.
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: Algorithmes d’apprentissage automatique inspirés de la théorie PAC-Bayes
Can't find authors, journal or year for CqBoost: A Column Generation Method for Minimizing the C-Bound. Entry was skipped.
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: Algorithmes d’apprentissage prometteurs pour problèmes de classification
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: PAC-Bayes Bounds for the Risk of the Majority Vote and the Variance of the Gibbs Classiﬁer
Paper was not kept for an unknown error: ICML 2013–SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL
Can't find authors, journal or year for Model Averaging With Holdout Estimation of the Posterior Distribution. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for 18 Computing the Bayes Kernel Classier. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for PAC-Bayes Learning of Conjunctions and Classification of Gene-Expression Data. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for A PAC-Bayes Sample-compression Approach to Kernel Methods: Supplementary material. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for A quick sample.... Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for The distant segments kernel and the support vector machine: an alignment-free method for HIV type 1 coreceptor usage prediction. Entry was skipped.
Can't find authors, journal or year for 18 Computing the Bayes Kernel Classifier. Entry was skipped.
